Come on!
Oh. no!
- Must be one of the relays.
- No. wait a little.
- Fixed.
- Jack! Lisa!
- What is it?
- You know what time it is.
- I almost forgot.
- Come on. you two. let's go.
We can troubleshoot later.
now when you are 18. Jack Mason.
- Happy birthday!
- Make a wish!
Jack? Jack Powder Chen?
- Gunpowder Chen?
- My dad's surname?
- Your father?
- Yes. I have never met him.
Sharon. Nigel.
I am looking for Jack Gunpowder Chen.
- Jess. You are not welcome.
- I just want to talk to Jack.
You do not speak with him. You should go.
Jack!
Jack! Your father asked me to give
you this when you turned 18.
- I will not forget the promises.
- Jack needs nothing from you.
- It's from your father. Jack!
- I'll call the police if you do not go!
Go before it gets worse.
Give us the package so we decide
if Jack is going to get it.
Jack!
Find out the truth about your father!
He ​​is not who they say!
- Give me that!
- Why?
- He's not your friend. Jack.
- He's crazy.
He was your father's friend. but he has
stalking the family since you were a child.
- We have protected you.
- He seemed sensible.
Your father's disappearance
affect people differently.
Jess was your father's friend. but then
he has not been correct.
We do not know what
happened to your father was his fault.
- Now he wants the same thing with you.
- It does not make sense.
- Give us the package.
- Why? "What's in it?
Opening it. but it helps
you not to find your father.
- I want to know what happened to him.
- He left before you were born.
I know that. But where did he go?
The upside?
We are afraid he is gone.
But he went up.
- He was kind-hearted.
- You say nothing.
We know nothing. just that he's gone.
He was after something big.
and maybe got him.
- Leave the package!
- Do not say that. You're not my father.
You have to love this.
I guess he was crazy.
I do not know what they are.
Hello?
What?
Where?
Stay there. I'll pick you up.
You have to keep you behind the barricade.
I know you want to look closer at it.
But you must wait until
county police have checked it.
We know nothing about it.
Hi Jack. Lisa.
Remember that this thing would
pop up one day before my retirement.
Have you ever seen something so amazing.
Milton?
I do not know.
- It is only your path.
- Forgiven?
These people come from
miles. To see a plant.
As do nothing.
That thing is a gold mine.
It is a nuisance.
Only one who planted the seed
able to climb the stalk.
This is your path.
Bring him to me.
Can anybody hear me? Anyone there?
Do not stand over the door. you fool!
Come! We go to the engine room.
We need higher up. It does not give up.
Help me fill in the fires. Fill it.
So there. It's clear. Follow me.
- What's your name then?
- Jack. Jack Powder Chen.
Powder Chen?
- Where are you from?
- Ficksburg.
- My name Newald Gunpowder Chen.
- I know.
- Have we met before?
- No... but I think you're my father.
This is preposterous. Look at you.
I must have been at least 10 years then.
- I will be a father. but in a few months.
- I got something to show you.
Where did you get this?
For my mother. Was taken before I was born.
- How old did you say you were?
- 18.
I see.
This is complicated.
Is your mother along with
a gentleman named Nigel?
Yes. He is my stepfather.
Very Good.
Listen. you better come with me.
I have something to show you.
I'll tell you something.
Something that I suspected for a while.
Your presence here confirms it.
It may sound a little strange. but judge
not charge it too fast. listen to me.
Okay
This place we're at.
I call it the Cloud Land.
I have been herein nineteen days.
I know it is so.
You say you're my son.
and 18 years old.
So it must be true.
A day here is like a year on Earth.
- So how old are you?
- I'm 29.
- How did you get here?
- Jess. He says he's your friend.
Sure! You are 18.
Jess never forgets a promise.
We have not much time.
We have to get you to the beanstalk.
- This castle? Is it yours?
- Not from scratch.
It belonged to what one might call
a giant.
Where did it go?
When I first came here. I have
misunderstood the situation with the Giants-
and paying for it now.
What do you mean?
Apparently. it was the Giants who kept
beasts like the one that attacked you in check.
It would have been nice if someone told
that. but we had communication problems.
I did not speak the language and understand
not fe fl fo fum. so I...
You killed him?
At the time it was one of
my biggest accomplishments.
Now the balance is gone.
And nothing can stop them.
Why not follow me back?
In my experience. only the
planting stalk use it.
Everyone else... well...
The same thing happened to me when I came here.
Beanstalk lasts only a few hours.
Because I could not take me back.
There must be some way
to come home? That one then?
Do not think I have not thought about it.
The castle becomes unstable at high altitude.
- We have to try.
- Perhaps someone can help us.
You were both here when the Beanstalk
first appeared.
You were actually in cahoots with
Newald Gunpowder Chens-
- who disappeared with
said beanstalk.
At the time you said you do not
know anything about its origin.
Why I find it strange that the
happens again 20 years later at your backyard-
- another Gunpowder Chen's disappearance.
and you know nothing?
- We speak the truth.
- Why not ask Jess Walters?
- If we knew where he was.
- What are you doing to find Jack?
The good news is that you do not
found no trace of him on the ground.
If I got some of the beans
maybe I can help you more.
If we had more beans would we ourselves
climb up to find my son.
Why do you think the stem
leads somewhere?
Why not? You have seen it.
Your own scientists said
you do not know where the stem joints.
He's alive. I feel it. Now tell me
what you should do to find Jack?
We need to leave the castle
as we approach.
Looks Sirena us sends
she their beasts for us.
We have to go on foot.
Sorry is her stronghold on a
icy mountain peak. It's below freezing there.
But I have a remedy for it.
There is a hidden entrance beyond the ridge.
Do not worry. I'll find.
Sirena?
I'm sorry. what was that?
Newald. Nigel and I attended
in an agricultural collective.
We wanted to create new crops. Supermat.
As would grow in poor soil and
give high returns. Save the planet.
Newald was different. he did not want
create new. but look to the history-
- rediscover forgotten varieties.
The past was the future solution.
We did not agree with his methods.
But Newald had charm.
When we first met I was dating
Newald. We were just young students.
- But eventually stole Nigel my heart.
- Newald could not stand. He was in love.
I know. But it was wrong. Newald
and I broke up. I fell for Nigel.
I did not know I was pregnant
until later. Then it was all enemies.
Do not know if it where anger.
Newald took all our money and used the
them on some crazy old beans.
Then he planted the beans.
The next day he disappeared
up the beanstalk. Jack.
And we have not seen him since.
Newald. So nice of you to come.
You do not sit in that darkness.
Come here.
Hi. Your Highness.
It's so nice to see you again.
What took you so long
before greeted me?
I've been busy.
Charted new parts of the country.
It has taken my time. The country is large.
But no excuse for your absence.
Felt like an eternity.
- But I'm here now.
- I see that.
- And you've brought a visitor.
- Yes. Jo.
This is Jack. My... brother.
- It's a pleasure to meet you.
- No. the pleasure is all mine.
How seldom we meet someone from the bottom.
- He needs your help.
- Continue.
He needs to return home.
Do you have the funds for it?
If I knew how something so fragile
as a human can get there-
-I myself had gone me there.
Can not you return via
a stalk that you came here?
I wish I could. Your Highness.
We should jointly find a way
to the country you came from.
Newald told me about
all the wonders there.
Please come with me to
library. Newald find it.
Come on. little man. I know you can.
Jack. If you are out there.
listen to me.
I'm going to pick you up.
I do not give up.
This morning drowned police reports
about the great beanstalk-
- who grew incredibly fast
outside the city's cathedral.
A witness said that a young girl
seen at the stem foot-
- then disappear.
It is unknown where the girl is now.
Nigel! Come here. It's Lisa!
... Regarding the disappearance.
or the strange plant.
My God. we must do something.
Cordon off the area.
No one goes near without my permission.
Halt! Agent Hinton.
General OShauncey.
Thanks for the help with the blockade.
We'll take it.
- Sergeant! Grouping the men.
- You do not know what you're dealing with.
I do not know in your case. but in my book
chop it down the tall stalks.
- It is not made of steel.
- It's a girl upstairs.
There are hundreds of people in the houses.
The stem is a threat to them all.
If it becomes violent. you have more than
a girl's blood on your hands.
- This is great!
- What do we do. boss?
No idea. It is their thing now.
- Lisa's up there.
- I know.
- You have to do something.
- What are you waiting for? The stem!
- I advise against.
- It's going on?
I have handled these before.
We blocking it.
When the sun goes down. the
become a harmless shell.
You have until sunset.
Attention! We pull back to
safe place. All retreats.
Do you have errors become a next job
on a boat to the Outer Hebrides.
- Do you understand?
- Yes. sir.
- Thank you.
- Do not thank me yet.
As far as we know. these things a
-way street. No one has come down.
So it was the Giants
abducted you from the earth?
I was a child.
One of them came down from the clouds.
And took me away.
A place that can not even protect their own children
surely deserves something in return?
- Deserves what. exactly?
- Retaliation.
- What happened to you was not intentional.
- How do you know?
A place like that deserves
not to exist.
How do you know that
Giants took you from the earth?
Where I come from...
I mean. it does not make sense.
I had never heard stories about
giants before I came here.
No? I thought all children
heard stories of giants.
Were not you the old stories
to find your beanstalk?
There is something in it.
I still say...
... how can you be sure
that you are from earth?
I have met all sorts of creatures here.
But you're the only one that resembled me.
I must have been taken from your home.
Why I want to return to earth.
In order to let all the
liable... to pay.
- More wine?
- No thanks. It is good for me.
I actually think I
want another glass.
Do you still have something of the old?
Since we are celebrating.
- Celebrating?
- To see you again. of course.
Course.
We have to go! Now!
Fy "on!
We need her
before Sirena does.
Lisa!
Come we go!
We need to warn her: It attacks!
It prevents her from
to return to Earth.
Come. my destroyer. come with me!
- She has put a curse on it.
- It reads her.
Follow me now!
I can not do more.
Wait! What do you do with that?
Put down that thing.
As the owner of this property
I must inform you-
- that you and your soldiers must go.
and bring your tree trimmers.
You're joking.
A property of Madison Corp..
It's me.
- So you and your boys can leave.
- Beanstalk is dangerous for the public.
It has not hurt anyone. As I see it
try it just to defend themselves.
You are approaching it with chainsaws.
It is clear that the only
attack on the provoked.
I have researched about these magical
bönstjälkarna. and you know what?
They disturb you there.
Unless you are bothering them.
So nobody touches it. Or climbs on the
. Everything will be fine then. Do you understand?
People have a right to see them up close.
It is the world's eighth wonder.
And I'll give it to the people.
As soon as my people have figured out how
keeping it alive for more than one day.
Away!
Fire!
Back!
Return fire!
Keep firing!
- The hills!
- Cease fire!
Stay there!
- That's not the girl Lisa.
- I see that.
I sell the property.
People in. .. was now this is.
I offer you this
chance to change one's fate.
Give me your loyalty so spared your lives.
You may benefit from my knowledge.
Your lives will be filled by
joy and without pain.
What say you?
Is this a joke?
Has anyone stun bullets.
or rubber bullets?
Who does she think she is?
- Open fire!
- Radioman. follow me!
Aim low! Do not shoot the general!
Ring civil defense!
We need air support. ground troops.
We have to evacuate the city center.
In the center! At Beanstalk!
We have a serious situation here!
All stays down!
Cease fire. Cease fire!
You! Whoever you are.
Your requirements can not be met here.
No one here has the power.
If you want to talk to someone who has it-
-so it must be done outside the city.
And you are?
I? I am the person...
... who can arrange a meeting with
the person who has the power.
Now. Follow me.
And if that thing walked on
Yes there will be no settlement.
General! He lives! Go!
- Once you allright up there. sir?
- Of course not. damn fool!
Ring Defense Staff!
Ask for air support!
- Right away. sir.
- And get me off the ceiling!
- A flying... castle?
- I know.
- How can it exist then?
- Heat generation. Varied Rankine cycle.
I do not know. but I think it
use someone son's magical power.
- I do not know how it works.
- But he can fly it.
So soothing.
I had never tried this before.
but now we have no choice.
You can stay here.
while I was chasing her.
- I'm following you.
- Me.
We can take place not coming back.
As I told Jack
- does not seem castle
cope with high altitude so good.
I do not know how high above the ground
we get there we will.
We might not get some warning
before the crash. Are you with me yet?
- We're with.
- Then we need fuel.
Everyone keeps itself firmly
when we reach the edge of the precipice.
In order to tell the truth...
I do not know what's going to happen.
Seems to be doing well.
And now... we go down.
We increases by one.
- Speed ​​seems at least constant.
- What does this mean?
Either stabilizes
castle nerstigningen. or...
We are out of control at high speed.
We do not know how strong
gravity is here.
- It may be different than Earth.
- It must be the same.
Do not jump to conclusions.
We are not out of control.
- What do you call this then?
- Stop!
We should worry about
castle's gravitational energy.
You are absolutely right.
I understand why he likes you.
But I do not know what you see in him.
- Can not we just burn more?
- Come on then!
Good thinking. Hinton. I'll promote you.
- I do not work for you.
- I'll make sure that you do it.
- Who should play the Prime Minister?
- This gentleman is optional.
Good luck.
It was your idea.
You are the Prime Minister's chauffeur.
Hinton!
Are you not return if
five minutes I open fire.
Thought so.
It seems to work!
She slows down!
- Miss...?
- Sirena.
Cloud kingdom queen.
Ether mistress.
I see. This is
Prime Walters.
Good day.
Listen. we skip the small talk.
What exactly is it you want?
Agreeable a people to
my rule once and for all?
- When you pull these out?
- Then I'll kill you not.
- Can you defeat our army?
- This irks me.
I do not want to control you. just wanted
get your attention. I want...
- I want something different.
- What is it?
Give me the phone. Give me the goddamn
phone... thank you. Prime Minister.
- Sir! Agent Hinton on the phone. sir.
- Give it to me. Sergeant.
OShauncey here.
Sure. Sure...
Yes. I understand.
Hinton. it's the oldest trick.
The last time it was used
wherein the war in 1812.
Come back. you and the Prime Minister.
I make ham sandwiches of monsters.
- Yes. Thank you. Sergeant.
- Sir!
Soldier. My gun. please.
Here we go then.
I'm sorry.
Set fire to my order.
- Fire!
- Fire at will!
Attack!
- We have a problem!
- Say it!
The coal is exhausted.
What can we do?
- Sorry. It could not end like this.
- So that's it?
- I said sorry! What more do you want?
- A plan to get through this.
Did not I say I did not think
castle could do it?
Maybe we can aim for something soft?
Choose your targets as they come!
Meet with every shot!
Aim for that!
What the hell?
- There are people moving down there. sir!
- Do not just stand there! Get them!
We need to regroup!
We have monsters to fight!
Take up defensive positions! Hold the line!
- Gun is knocked out. sir.
- What do you mean?
Unusable.
I do not care how.
but fix it. Simkins.
We rely on you.
Continue.
- Will more like you to fall into that?
- No. sir. Just the three.
Okay. I do not know how you did.
but I just want to say thank you.
Do you know more about the monsters? Can they be killed?
- You can not get through their armor.
- I already know that.
- I have not killed anything before.
- Is it impossible?
I do not know. sir. Try the head.
remainder is impenetrable.
I see. Thank you for your help.
Sergeant. take them away!
- Wait! I can help you.
- You have done enough.
It's military affairs.
Sergeant. take him away!
I have seen things in my
army career. but this one takes the prize.
- Stop! Stop!
- It's Jack and Lisa.
Turn!
- Good to see you. son.
- Do not interrupt. but we have to go!
- Go with them!
- I need help.
- I have my orders. Go now!
- Listen! I know how to stop them.
You have one minute.
Sirena. The woman who leads them.
Take her. you take the monsters.
- We're already working on it.
- Do not kill her. catch her!
I'll talk to my boss. Go now!
- Get in. Newald.
- Hinton. drive them away!
I have an idea. We can stop the beasts.
But only if we catch Sirena.
If the military does not get
past beings. how can we?
She comes to us if we give her the
she wants. Do anyone this woman?
It is Mildred Stark. A local legend.
She claims that her daughter
kidnapped by giants. A folktale.
- She's been dead a long time.
- Death...
Mildred Stark is Sirenas mother.
She has come to find her.
She control beasts with amuletten.
If we catch her. we can get her to
stop the attack. or take the amulet...
-... so she can not do anything.
- But we have to get past the monsters.
I have something at home that can help us.
- You will not risk anything again.
- Your mother is right.
This is my mess. You've always said
me to clean up after me.
- And I'll do that.
- I'm going with.
- What should you do?
- Going back to the farm.
I need a couple of trucks.
You have a job.
Make sure I do not get shot.
Sirena!
Down here! I'm here! Sirena! Down here!
Stop! Stop!
Turn! Turn!
Out of the way!
Hi. Milady.
You live.
I check them now.
Do not know where you get it from.
It's a keepsake.
Then you will not mind
I destroy it?
No!
- What have you done?
- You control them anymore.
They are peaceful creatures.
I can legend.
You are wrong in everything.
Maybe this gives us time to Hy
before they kill us. We must go.
Have sergeant seen.
they have become docile.
Everyone. this is Sirena.
I have news.
but maybe it's the wrong time.
- Can you stop them?
- The thunder gets them into a panic.
- It's something else.
- Was that thunder?
I do not think so.
You know it. What can we do?
Do not know. My magic is not
strong enough without the amulet.
- I have an idea how we can kill it.
- How?
Like I killed one of the giants.
We need to crash the site.
Here! Slow down!
This is close enough.
- I go.
- I'm going with.
Nigel. Sharon. You will too.
Keep the engine running.
Easy.
Go! Go!
We need more reinforcements.
"What?
Hold out as long as we can?
Do not you think we do. sir?
You do not understand!
The situation has become much worse!
Oh! Shit!
- What does it do?
- Come on! Over here!
What prevents it?
- Oh. no!
- This way. you brute!
- This way!
- Come on!
I gave Jack beans.
Let me handle this. okay?
Okay
Good luck.
- It works.
- Run. Jess!
Come on then!
What? No!
No!
Jack. come on!
- I must do it!
- No. you die!
We all die if I do not do anything.
Come on. Sharon! Come on!
Jack. My son.
- What will you do?
- Busier with it. Maybe if the weather.
Go now. Take care of them.
Okay
- You should also go.
- I walk. But on foot.
I will help you get the
work. I run fast.
Okay
It is best you go.
Thank you. Stick now!
- Run! And do not look back!
- Jack!
- You need to beat it.
- I know.
Get out of here now!
Come on!
Fuling! Down here!
Jack! You're back!
Jack Jumbo killer. It sounds good. right?
- It must not become a habit.
- My son.
- Not so bad.
- Thank you. Nigel.
Daddy ".
And Newald... well done.
Do you.
- For what?
- For him.
Thank you. Jack.
Everyone.
You. you plan well not all the
where reprisal still?
I have not decided yet.
I kept it here for you.
Thank you.
- Think it is not even.
- You do not know what's there?
Not now.
It happens too much down here.
- Who will look after your dad?
- Sure. You are right.
- Does this mean we can have a date?
- Shut up!